slipped you get excited does not recreate you
surprise
everyone's mission and surprises
and going from the line
for the beach passing the line
like the beach
roberto boca roberto
Churchill back only has the
participation on weekends of
character is lived by a character that
I really want interpreted by José
manuel ok I tell you an intervention of
my from the television anchor the
countess
before this intervention there was a
comment that the character of the diva
did the countess in relation to that
she always did to the boyfriends of
her friends I do not want to see that as a child
is the survival of husbands other
woman was the wing where she should always
being the husband to another woman was the wing
where she his presence of the sailors
another woman who is not
Today is the nervous day that you and she
dedicate but out of the air they have
dead and I have no strange woman
really with mega radio frank I never fell
as you know how old it always leads to
6 from villalon to the countess told him of
everything to josema the alive that has that
have more respect with your person because
you do not know the mere ones you know what is it
what happens or in the relative has always
been characterized by a person or by
a character that says what
and best of all I always have the
opportunity to check it and in another
program also like this one is always
very successful and if tamara martinez opens
the mouth countess you know you have the
reason you know that you share
a milk distribution mega dibise
tico a little strange then this guy
of comments that come and go
ears of josé manuel or the diva in this
case with this character
bad
believe surprising
makes them
everyone's mission and surprises
to the beach passing the line that I know
that you love
the beach
removing clothes
Carmelo, I want you to wear earlier